Where's Mr. Lee?
Put them in and leave.
Put the gun down.
Close the door.
What's this?
It's chicken!
Where's Mr. Lee?
God, I can't get used to this.
You're standing side by side with a spy.
But I feel relieved.
Let's eat first.
Why did you tell him I'm your fiancée?
You had something to tell me.
But it's true
we were engaged.
So you remember that.
But why did you leave me?
What's that?
What are they doing?
-Oh, no.
-Quiet!
Oh, no.
Keep in line.
One, two, one, two. Keep in line.
Those who were released yesterday
didn't go home.
They were taken to the ANSP.
Can you see now that this hostage
situation is a scheme for the election?
They must want to show
how the students being held by the spies
are trembling with fear on TV.
Once that is aired,
what do you think
people will begin to think?
"Let's go knock down
those horrendous spies!"
Something like that.
That's right.
People will hate communists even more.
That'll put the ruling party
at an advantage.
What will happen to us?
The more likely
the ruling party is to win the election,
the less likely we're to live.
Now,
how should we look when we're filmed then?
Do you see what I'm trying to say?
-Yes, ma'am!
There are cameras from TV stations too.
So let's hang a banner
outside the windows of the lounge
that says this is all a scheme
for the election.
Are you insane?
Once we hang the banner,
the North will think I've betrayed them.
Then my sister,
Eung-cheol and Joo's families
will all be put in danger.
Do you have any other ideas?
Duplicate the recording I gave you,
and send it out to the press.
Will it work? Our agents are stationed
at every newspaper and TV station.
We'll directly send them
to managing editors.
They won't stay quiet
if they see hard evidence, would they?
Especially the TV station
that covered the abduction of Han I-seop.
Besides,
I think that's the only way
to get Gal out.
Then let's try that first.
Then we should duplicate it first, right?
I'll do it.
EVERGREEN RECORDS